# -*- Makefile-automake -*-

EXTRA_DIST             += %reldir%/AUTHOR
EXTRA_DIST             += %reldir%/ChangeLog
EXTRA_DIST             += %reldir%/STATUS

EXTRA_DIST             += %reldir%/README.mustek
camlibdoc_DATA         += %reldir%/README.mustek


EXTRA_LTLIBRARIES      += mustek.la

mustek_la_SOURCES       =
mustek_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/mdc800.c
mustek_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/core.c
mustek_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/image.c
mustek_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/io.c
mustek_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/rs232.c
mustek_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/usb.c
mustek_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/core.h
mustek_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/image.h
mustek_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/io.h
mustek_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/mdc800_spec.h
mustek_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/print.h
mustek_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/rs232.h
mustek_la_SOURCES      += %reldir%/usb.h

mustek_la_CFLAGS        = $(camlib_cflags)
mustek_la_CPPFLAGS      = $(camlib_cppflags) -DLIBNAME=mustek
mustek_la_DEPENDENCIES  = $(camlib_dependencies)
mustek_la_LDFLAGS       = $(camlib_ldflags)
mustek_la_LIBADD        = $(camlib_libadd)
